IBX-5108: X-Expected-User (#2077)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_usage/rest_requests.md

- [moving a Location and its subtree](../rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#managing-content-move-subtree)
- [swapping a Location with another](../rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#managing-content-swap-location)

### Expected user

> The `X-Expected-User` header specifies the user needed on client side for the request execution.

Reviewer: This part of the sentence does not convey any information and might be confusing.
```suggestion
The `X-Expected-User` header specifies the user needed for the request execution.
```

> If the current username on server side isn't equal to `X-Expected-User` value, a `401 Unauthorized` error is returned.

Reviewer: A sentence explaining behavior without the `X-Expected-User` header would in my opinion be helpful here.

Defaulting to anonymous user is implied in the next paragraph, but it isn't explicitly said.

Author: @Steveb-p What about this?:
```suggestion
With this header, if the current username on server side isn't equal to `X-Expected-User` value, a `401 Unauthorized` error is returned.
Without this header, the request will be executed with the current user who might be unexpected (like the Anonymous user if a previous authentication has expired) and an ambiguous response might be returned without a clue that the request was a success but with a wrong user.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good to me :+1:

- [moving a Location and its subtree](../rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#managing-content-move-subtree)
- [swapping a Location with another](../rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#managing-content-swap-location)

### Expected user

The `X-Expected-User` header specifies the user needed for the request execution.
With this header, if the current username on server side isn't equal to `X-Expected-User` value, a `401 Unauthorized` error is returned.

> Without this header, the request is executed with the current user who might be unexpected (like the Anonymous user if a previous authentication has expired) and an ambiguous response might be returned without a clue that the request was a success but with a wrong user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Without this header, the request is executed with the current user who might be unexpected (like the Anonymous user if a previous authentication has expired) and an ambiguous response might be returned without an information that the request was a success but with a wrong user.
```

Author: @MagdalenaZuba Maybe shorter?:
```suggestion
Without this header, the request is executed with the current user who might be unexpected (like the Anonymous user if a previous authentication has expired) and an ambiguous response might be returned as a success not telling with a wrong user.
```
